feat(eslint-plugin): add top-level-styles eslint rule (#595)
microsoft/griffel: packages/eslint-plugin/src/rules/top-level-styles.md

# Ensure `makeStyles`, `makeResetStyles` and `makeStaticStyles` are only called at the top-level of a file

> This is an opinionated rule to discourage developers from misusing the `makeStyles`, `makeResetStyles` and `makeStaticStyles` 

Reviewer: Is this really an opinionated rule? In dev mode misusing `makeStyles` [throws an error](https://github.com/microsoft/griffel/blob/main/packages/react/src/makeStyles.ts#L14).

Author: I think that check just confirms it's not within a component, correct? We want to forbid it within any method at all. 

I regard it as opinionated because _technically_ these methods could be used anywhere  - as long as the dev doesn't use pass dynamic vars. But forcing it only to be used in the top-level makes it a lot less likely they do that.

Reviewer: I wonder if the rule should be "no runtime parameters" in that case? Not sure how feasible that is though 😀

Author: I know, hey! Would've been nice to address the root cause, but that didn't seem plausible... `no-runtime-parameters` might make developers a little overconfident :)

Author: Text updated.

> This is an opinionated rule to discourage developers from misusing the `makeStyles`, `makeResetStyles` and `makeStaticStyles` 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is a rule to discourage developers from misusing the `makeStyles`, `makeResetStyles` and `makeStaticStyles` 
```

Agree with @spmonahan, there are no opinions, `makeStyles()` & co. calls should be top-level 🐱

methods. These methods don't allow passing runtime values for constructing the styles, as described here under [limitations](https://griffel.js.org/react/guides/). To encourage proper usage, this rule only permits calling those methods in the _top-level scope_ of a file, where it's far less likely developers will pass runtime values.

## Rule Details

Examples of **incorrect** code for this rule:

```js
// filename: component.tsx
import { makeStyles } from '@griffel/react';

> export const getStyles = () => {
>     const useStyles = makeStyles({
>         root: {
>             backgroundColor: 'red',
>         },
>     });
> 
>     return useStyles;
> }

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
export const getStyles = () => {
  const useStyles = makeStyles({
    root: {
      backgroundColor: 'red',
    },
  });

  return useStyles;
};
```

nit: formating

```

```js
// filename: component.tsx
import { makeStyles } from '@fluentui/react-components';

> export class MyClass {
>   getStyles () {
>     const styles = makeStyles({
>         root: {
>             backgroundColor: 'red',
>         },
>     });
> 
>     return styles;
>   }
> }

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
export class MyClass {
  getStyles() {
    const styles = makeStyles({
      root: {
        backgroundColor: 'red',
      },
    });

    return styles;
  }
}
```

nit

```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
